README.md, before:

# Amazon CloudWatch

## Elasticsearch

```
-
    id: es
    provider: \StpBoard\Amazon\CloudWatch\Elasticsearch\ControllerProvider
    width: 4
    refresh: 3600
    params:
        name: NAME
        action: ACTION
        start_date: START_DATE
        end_date: END_DATE
        period: PERIOD
        region: REGION
        aws_key: AWS_KEY
        aws_secret: AWS_SECRET
        domain_name: ES_DOMAIN_NAME
        client_id: AWS_CLIENT_ID
```

Available `ACTION`:

* count - document count from last month (which is used by default)
* free_storage - fre storage from last month
* cpu - cpu utilization from last month

Parameter `NAME` - name which will be displayed on chart

Parameter `START_DATE` - show starting from this date. Format which is accepted by `DateTime`

Parameter `END_DATE` - show till this date. Format which is accepted by `DateTime`

Parameter `PERIOD` - time interval in seconds  

Parameter `REGION` - like 'eu-west-1` etc.

Parameter `AWS_KEY` - aws key

Parameter `AWS_SECRET` - aws secret

Parameter `ES_DOMAIN_NAME` - Elasticsearch domain name

Parameter `AWS_CLIENT_ID` - Amazon account client id

Commit message:

Allow to define statistics to be fetched

README.md, after:

# Amazon CloudWatch

## Elasticsearch

```
-
    id: es
    provider: \StpBoard\Amazon\CloudWatch\Elasticsearch\ControllerProvider
    width: 4
    refresh: 3600
    params:
        name: NAME
        action: ACTION
        start_date: START_DATE
        end_date: END_DATE
        period: PERIOD
        statistics: STATISTICS
        region: REGION
        aws_key: AWS_KEY
        aws_secret: AWS_SECRET
        domain_name: ES_DOMAIN_NAME
        client_id: AWS_CLIENT_ID
```

Available `ACTION`:

* count - document count from last month (which is used by default)
* free_storage - fre storage from last month
* cpu - cpu utilization from last month

Parameter `NAME` - name which will be displayed on chart

Parameter `START_DATE` - show starting from this date. Format which is accepted by `DateTime`

Parameter `END_DATE` - show till this date. Format which is accepted by `DateTime`

Parameter `PERIOD` - time interval in seconds  

Parameter `STATISTICS` - statistics to be shown on chart: one of http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/cloudwatch_concepts.html#Statistic, deafult 'Average'

Parameter `REGION` - like 'eu-west-1` etc.

Parameter `AWS_KEY` - aws key

Parameter `AWS_SECRET` - aws secret

Parameter `ES_DOMAIN_NAME` - Elasticsearch domain name

Parameter `AWS_CLIENT_ID` - Amazon account client id
